[Reporting Docs for inspecting the query used for CSV export (#207001)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/reporting/reporting-csv-troubleshooting.asciidoc

chance of working in this use case.
Unfortunately, lowering the scroll size will require more requests to Elasticsearch during export, which adds more time overhead, which could unintentionally create more instances of auth token expiration errors.

[float]
[[reporting-troubleshooting-inspect-query-used-for-export]]
=== Inspecting the query used for CSV export

The listing of reports in *Stack Management > Reporting* allows you to inspect the query used for CSV export. It can be helpful to see the raw responses
from Elasticsearch, or determine if there are performance improvements to be gained by changing the way you query the data.

> 1. Click the "info" icon next to the report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to **Stack Management > Reporting** and click the info icon next to a report.
```

> 2. In the footer of the side panel, click the "Actions" button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the footer of the report flyout, click **Actions**.
```
